Hello, freak bitches.
And it's like, when you're trying to get social,
like what happened to me with the, with, uh, defending that,
that kid situation where it's like, well.
Explain that because most people don't know what you're talking about.
Like most people don't know the circumstances. So.
So, uh, there was this, this guy on, uh, who has a, a three year.
He had a three year old boy that he claimed his trans ended and,
uh, identified as a girl and, uh, started, you know,
putting dresses on the kid and, uh, treating him like a girl. And, uh,
I was planning on giving him hormone therapy, so they don't go through puberty.
And this dude has like power in Hollywood, you know? And, and, um,
and I just called him out and I, I got swarmed and I just didn't stop.
Cause I'm like, I'll die on this hill.
Yeah. That's a hill to die on.
When you're deciding that a three year old is done developing and understands
their identity. I, it drives me crazy.
What you we're talking to is akin to like a seance where you find out that you
are a Roman emperor from 1700,
that three year old barely understands how to express himself. The,
the idea that a three year old can get,
give you a complex definition of their sexual and gender
identity at three,
and that this isn't so that you should go in and chemically influence that kids
being.
Sterile make 'em a unich. Yes. And it's like, and it,
and it's a project it's insane. And it's a projection of the father's ego.
It's not even like, is it, uh, yeah. Yeah. The virtue say, oh, it's,
it's just a coincidence that it's a San Francisco like NPR guy that like
everyone in Hollywood has his back for some reason. Even it's a child.
It's like, uh it's it's.
What was the circumstances? Explain what, what?
So this dude, uh, John Hodgeman, who I thought I was cool with, uh,
I met him doing a morning radio show and he was like, when Brooks said, uh,
PC ruining comedy or something,
all these com comedians were like going against Mel Brooks. And I'm like,
wait a minute. Are we the bad guys?
Now what comedians though?
Uh, Paul F Tomkin was talking really? Yeah. And I was like, dude,
you're like the bad guy from footlo now, you know? <laugh>. And, uh,
and so I'm just being open about this cuz my, and,
and am I it's like, there's, there's a few things I'll stand behind free speech.
Don't the kids, you know, don't hurt the kids don't hurt the kids. Yeah. Like,
yeah. Just, just be good to the kids. You know? It it's like, because.
That's you it's, I mean, it's you mean that's what every,
every child is you all of us. I know, like,
especially when you're a little tiny person, you,
you have this insane responsibility as a big person when you're dealing with a
little tiny person. And.
Now that I have a tiny person, that's what it made me more of a, uh, a,
a man and an adult. Like, I, I, I just felt so much more responsibility, a good.
You a hundred percent. Cause I learn on the job too. You, you learn on the job.
Like you realize along the way, like, oh,
I'm like literally dealing with a blank slate. And I can't even process this,
that my bizarre,
ridiculous life of telling jokes. And in your case,
playing songs with pianos and ridiculous that you say on Twitter. Yeah.
This somehow or another qualifies you to raise a human being.
It's so intense.
It's so intense. And also it's like, I, uh, I I've always thought I was, uh,
a good guy, but not like I ever thought I was like,
deserving of anything special, you know? But then once you see a kid,
he he's pure still, man, you know, I'm like, I've done some,
you know? So that's why I think just as myself younger,
I wouldn't have been quite as like into,
I've always stuck up for the underdog and people being abused and.
But now I'm like, I,
I have to be better for like the next generation. Cause I see,
<affirmative> see him look at me like humans can be good. Yeah. He's like dad,
dad, dad, dad, you know? And I'm like, yeah, holy dad. Dad's a good guy.
Yeah. You know? And I'm like, I never really knew if I was a.
Good guy. Right. And this is a good experience between you and him. He's,
he's enjoying it immensely. Oh, that' dude, I that's.
Giant, you know, ands that's giant. And it's just like, he watches me,
watches me, hit my foot with acts. And I was like, don't do what that.
Judge does. Do you ever think about the fact that,
and this is a conflict that I've discussed ad nauseause with some of my friends
that every one of my friends that I know came from a up place. Right?
Like all the people that I'm friends with were a SCO or Joey Diaz or anybody red
band or Duncan, although their childhood chaos. Right.
Ahafi like everybody's childhood was a mess, you know? Yeah. I think it's a,
I think.
It's a to make a good comic. That's still a good dude. I think it's a,
it's a combo of like, love like your grandfather and chaos. Yeah.
Where it's almost you chaos or else we're just killers. <laugh> right.
Well, that's the problem, right.
I think that God comedy and murder are so closely related.
I know. And we're just on the good side. That's so we call it.
Killing. Yeah. <laugh> I mean, that is literally why we call.
It killing. Cause my mom listened to our last podcast and she was like,
I love that you're friends with Joe. Like you guys both have like,
you're kind of up at good guys. <laugh> and uh,
where it's like you experience these like, uh, traumatic events and, and you,
you experienced damage, you know, know, and then you,
you have paths in life and you're like, I'm gonna seek the good in this,
but we're still, you know, low Paul's control comedians, but still, you know,
we're not just killers.
Well, we're, we're actually nice people, but we're,
we're realizing we're nice people in the middle of a, a,
like a life with a tremendous amount of momentum of chaos behind chaos.
And then all of a sudden you're like, whoa, whoa, hit the breaks. Yeah.
Okay. Yeah. Like belly the B, man. You know, it's like,
I might as well have had a Viking for the last 10 years where you're just Viking
it up and it's like, yeah. And then you see the,
the order you need the chaos in order, you know, and you see the order with,
with a child and then you see these people trying to exploit children.
And I was just awake, you know, I'm just like, you know what, you.
I'm like I'll I'll I don't.
And then people in LA that I thought were my friends, not good friends,
not like comics, but like middle management. That's what the evil is. Well.
You know what it is, man. It's like the supporting transgender rights,
eclipses all the logic involved and the subtle nuances of human behavior and
sexuality. And the idea that a three year old could have any right.
Any notion of like what it's gonna be like to be eight or what it's gonna be
like to be 16 or whether or not hormonal changes is going or going to affect the
way it expresses himself. So,
and also you are looking at this kid and you're deciding that this kid,
because there are three is going to be transgender and you want to turn them
into a girl. What if this kid decides he's a gay man in five years,
they kill themselves. Right? What, well,
what if they decide that they're bisexual in 20 years? You know, can't,
if you kill, if you care about that child,
you don't to interfere that with that process,
because I'm not the same thing that I was when I was three.
And you're not either, no,
no one is so to inject hormones and chemicals and even surgery
that we really have a very limited understanding about how much this interaction
between the scalppel and a baby body. How much of the impact that has you,
you you're giving someone the green light is they were talking about like making
this kid a unich well.
Yeah, they won't go through puberty. And so then.
It's like, what are they saying though? What are they saying?
They were gonna do well, it's called hormone blockers.
And I kept asking him directly I'm like, say yes or no.
Are you gonna give him hormone blockers? Cuz it's fine.
If he wants to wear a dress, have some fun play time. Fine.
But you're gonna tell him he's a girl, but.
Here's the thing. He's not even play time. It's like,
what if the kid like feels better when he wears a dress fine.
Like we're all DEC we've all decided that pants and a shirt is the way to go.
And if you don't wear pants in a shirt, I know you're a homo.
<laugh> like if you were sitting there wearing a big girl skirt
and, and why did I, what do I give a? Exactly.
If you were wearing a kilt and I'm like, I, I love Scotland, right?
I wouldn't care. But if you, if.
You and my brother used to on him at each other, well, sorry,
I should' have said that loud. I have a little impulse control.
That's not the worst thing in the world have in impulse control. Dave,
dougstan on fi last week. A couple of days ago on a podcast. That's awesome.
Yeah. happens. I don't mean to cut you off. You were.
Talking about the, the Scottish.
Yeah. I mean, who gives a if you dress?
Like what I give a is if you step in and you in any way
interfere with the physical, sexual,
biological development of a child,
because you think it's the right way thing to do progressively that you think
it's the right way, right.
Thing to do the right way to approach a three year old.
Like you are the problem you're oh my God, not, there's not, this is,
we're not talking about one. Plus one equals two.
We're talking about a super complex, very nuanced issue.
And if this child decides when it's X amount, years old, whatever, we decide 30,
whatever the we decide to take the decision to, to, to get gender reassignment.
That's a hundred percent cool with me. Of course have no problem at,
but that's a person who understands who they are as a fully developed
organism, not a baby three. That's a.
Baby dude. And, and part of me it's like this. Like I see myself in the,
in the kid where I'm like, of course I played classical piano and uh, knitted.
Like I used to like knit cloth. I used to weave, I, I went to.
What? Your full, the, the thing we, your, your piano teacher. Yeah.
Yeah. Like my P uh, like my dad is like a, my parents are, uh, married.
They have great marriage,
but it's like almost like a reverse gender marriage in a way where my dad's like
a flamboyanthopper singer professor and my mom, like six,
one love sports wear sweatpants. You know,
like my first bit was I was the only guy in the straight closet, you know,
<laugh> I used to be like, my dad would be like, let's go see rent again, son.
And I'm like, I wanna play catch with mom. You know, that's hilarious. And so I,
I played piano, so I was a kid. I, uh, what about your piano teacher? Yeah,
when I was 11, my piano teacher became a dude and, and the bit I,
I tried to work on, but people don't believe like some of the best.
By the way. That's a long time ago. How.
Old are you now? Oh, I'm 37. So I was 91. That was the OG. Whoa.
That's that's OG surgery.
Oh, that's and do my pianoes right now is like, Owen's totally trans friendly,
like we're friends,
but I don't think he realizes what's it become <affirmative> you know,
cuz it's like, now it's like, oh,
you don't believe in making a three year old a unich you're full of.
Hey. Yeah, this is,
this is not wise because if you just look at it in,
not in terms of like how a child should identify,
but in terms of like the biological process of a developing human being,
it's very, very touch and go. We don't really understand out what it is.
This is what you should try to do with a kid.
You should try to give them nutrients.
You should try to give them love and try to give them safety and try to give
them challenges. Totally. Then like give them things to get over. But,
but the idea that you are gonna decide by your conversation with someone who
just started talking 12 months ago.
They're still themselves. They don't know how to talk yet.
They should it in their pants.
But they literally don't know how to talk yet.
I know. It's like, I identify it's like, how the does.
That work? Do you wanna be.
A girl? OK. Okay. Like my son just dances. Like he's always dancing and.
He loves the piano. He does what dad dad does. And it's like this.
Kid's probably trying to impress his dad and his dad's this. It is like, oh,
being trans as brave dad. Right? And then they're gonna make,
they're gonna make moves where the kid can't go back.
Can't go back. Let your life is over. You.
You literally turn their life down a dark path because
here's the thing. And this is super unpopular to say, but the bottom line,
whether you decide to become a transgender person, whether you decide to,
you know, to suppress those ideas,
it is at this current stage of our understanding of medical science,
impossible to actually turn you into a woman. Of course.
X, X, X.
Y. Right. So what we're gonna do is have some reasonable factsinially
and it's gonna be more reasonable in different people. And some people,
they have a slender frame, you know,
some people have built like davidtuua and it's just like, whoa, let's grow.
Okay. I gotta go. You know, like, you know who davidtuua was big time,
heavyweight boxer from the, the nineties. And.
You've touched on a body dyssmorphia with like, uh,
weightlifters where it's like, you know,
there's certain people that just aren't comfortable in their own skin and wanna
alter it, like with like,
whether it's bigger boobs or cutting their Wiener off or some. And,
and as a very big personal Liberty guy, I'm all about you doing that.
But you don't make that decision for the kids.
You don't make the decision for anyone that's under and the age of
comprehension. And here's the thing, like what is that age?
Because they say a frontal lobe doesn't really fully develop until you're 25.
Yeah. Ask Geico. Yeah. Yeah. They won't. They won'ture, you, they won't.
Yeah. They won'ture you as a male,
the insurance is up until you're 25 cuz you're not developed.
But what about a girl? Uh, I think it's a little earlier.
I think girls develop a little earlier. I know.
I know I'm. I'm calling some sort of red pill organization.
And so long story short, I make these, uh, problematic statements and then my,
uh, agent drops me.
And uh, yeah. How did your agent drop you for saying a three year old?
Shouldn't be given chemicals that kill his Dick and balls.
Cause I was rocking the boat, man. It's the. But.
But imagine if you just put it that way. So what you are is pro giving kids,
Dick killing chemicals. Is that what you are? Just let me know. Right? It's.
Kinda when it's like words are violence,
you hold up your fist and you go word or violence like that.
It immediately cuts for the. But for some reason it's not these days,
words are violence. I mean, that's a big thing now. And it's like, uh,
this college Yukon dropped me. I, I like a good gig. And they said, uh,
because your views, uh, uh, we can't, you can't work here. And.
Then did they specifically talk it views?
Yeah. I even tweeted the email cause I was sick of this, man, which views?
The trans kids. It's only trans kids. That's my whole thing. But it's.
Trans babies.
<Laugh> dude. It's Todd. They're toddlers. They're like three, three dude.
It's and, and I I'll die in the hill, man. I even asked my brother. I like, uh,
my buddy's brother die. My buddy, Mike, uh, Mike boo, uh, Mike from, uh,
sore and scale. Like dude, I literally was like, I'm I'm unemployed.
And he had me like read, uh, uh that's when you know your friends are man,
he's like, yo, will you read this? You can be like a da in this murder podcast.
I was like, great. He's like, I'll throw you some cash. I thought I was out.
I'm like, brother, can I do some more tree work? He's like 20 hour.
You got boots. I'm like, dude was prepared, man.
But think about that, that you,
as a guy who I've known for a long time has been a successful professional
comedian are really always that close to being pushed aside and
not given work anymore over something. That's totally logical.
Dude. I just gotten a development deal, like true TV and.
It's not even like I was doing bad. Did they did.
True TV? Keep the development deal. Did they been, did I even have reps.
Anymore.
But do you talk to true TV? Like, Hey it's Owen. No, they're.
Cool. People. I, I just ha I've just been so like.
So the reps all abandoned you by saying that you don't think three year olds.
Well, yeah. And.
Trannie yeah. And also I guess I, I was saying it, uh, problem.
It was like problematic. You know, I was, uh, I was, I was too many, too much.
I was just, I was poking people that aren't allowed to be poked that this,
these powerful middle managers, you know, what were you doing?
Just saying you're wrong, dude.
I.